# Output vars
set $left_op HDMI-0

bindsym Control+1 focus output $left_op

# Workspace layout
workspace $ws1 output $left_op
workspace $ws2 output $left_op
workspace $ws3 output $left_op
workspace $ws4 output $left_op
workspace $ws5 output $left_op
workspace $ws6 output $left_op
workspace $ws7 output $left_op
workspace $ws8 output $left_op
workspace $ws9 output $left_op
workspace $ws10 output $left_op
workspace $ws11 output $left_op
workspace $ws12 output $left_op

# switch to workspace
bindsym $mod+1 workspace $ws1
bindsym $mod+2 workspace $ws2
bindsym $mod+3 workspace $ws3
bindsym $mod+4 workspace $ws4
bindsym $mod+5 workspace $ws5
bindsym $mod+6 workspace $ws6
bindsym $mod+7 workspace $ws7
bindsym $mod+8 workspace $ws8
bindsym $mod+9 workspace $ws9
bindsym $mod+0 workspace $ws10
bindsym $mod+minus workspace $ws11
bindsym $mod+equal workspace $ws12

# Mouse bindings
bindsym --whole-window $mod+button4 exec compton-trans -c -- +5
bindsym --whole-window $mod+button5 exec compton-trans -c -- -5

# exec --no-startup-id xscreensaver
exec --no-startup-id compton -b --config ~/.config/compton-ephi.conf

exec --no-startup-id ~/bin/music

exec --no-startup-id nm-applet
